README.md, before:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).


## Flix Part 2

### User Stories

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (5pts) User can tap a cell to see more details about a particular movie.
- [x] (5pts) User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pts) User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie.
- [ ] (2pts) In the detail view, when the user taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer.

### App Walkthrough GIF
`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walkthough `gif` in the image tag below, `YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE`. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after after adding gif)

<img src="YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

---

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories
`TODO://` In the **User Stories section below**, add an `x` in the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after checking off completed user stories)

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [x] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [x] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF

<img src="http://g.recordit.co/4jJ79ManUR.gif" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
Downloading Cocoapods and getting them to work with my code was difficult because the tutorial given on the website were unclear. I've managed to figure it out though and successfully complete this assignment.

Commit message:

updated read me with gif

README.md, after:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).


## Flix Part 2

### User Stories

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (5pts) User can tap a cell to see more details about a particular movie.
- [x] (5pts) User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pts) User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie.
- [ ] (2pts) In the detail view, when the user taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer.

### App Walkthrough GIF
<img src="http://g.recordit.co/T453Vtxnz6.gif" width=250><br>

### Notes
The Superhero posters wouldn't show up because there was an issue with the url for the apa, one small edit fixed the issue and I was able to continue to progress from there. 

---

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories
`TODO://` In the **User Stories section below**, add an `x` in the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after checking off completed user stories)

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [x] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [x] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF

<img src="http://g.recordit.co/4jJ79ManUR.gif" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
Downloading Cocoapods and getting them to work with my code was difficult because the tutorial given on the website were unclear. I've managed to figure it out though and successfully complete this assignment.
